c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Limelight.dll
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Limelight.pdb
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Limelight_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\Limelight.g.resources
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\Limelight.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\Limelight.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\Limelight.dll
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\Limelight.pdb
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\StreamFrame.g.cs
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\obj\Debug\Limelight.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Limelight\Limelight\Bin\Debug\Resources\notpadded.h264
